Push (6x6 and 8x8 variant rules)
by KittyTac
Rules version 0.1

This is an abstract game inspired by chess, but with a twist: randomly-generated terrain. It is designed to be very dynamic and have a wide array of tactics and strategies.

THE COMPONENTS
2x board (6x6 and 8x8)
1x six-sided die
1x placement tracker
2x goal tile (red and blue)
2x piece set (red and blue)
	In each set:
	1x king
	1x rook
	1x knight
	1x bishop
	2x pawn
60x cube

THE SETUP
For each tile on the board, roll the die.
If 5 or 6 comes up, then place a cube on that tile
- (use the placement tracker to track which tile is being iterated on).
After all tiles are iterated through, repeat the process,
- this time iterating on the cubes that were placed (creating 2 layers of cubes).
Then, in each corner, place each player's pieces (including on top of cubes) in this manner:

8x8 variant:
_P_
BN_
KRP

6x6 variant:
PN
RK
_ - empty space or cube
K - king
R - rook
N - knight
B - bishop
P - pawn

Then, place a goal tile of the player's color under the king. That's it.

MOVEMENT
Players take turns moving, as in chess.
Each piece moves like its counterpart in chess (though capturing is different, more on that later), with one exception:
- the pawn moves and attacks like the king.
All pieces except knights cannot traverse vertical cliffs or drops of 2 cubes
- (the latter kills the piece if forced).
Linear pieces (bishops and rooks) cannot continue traveling after going up a "step"
- but can continue traveling after going down one or more steps.

PUSHING
Instead of capturing, pieces can "Push" other pieces on their attacked squares.
This moves the target piece away from the pusher, as directly as possible,
- with the exception that a knight can force its target to make a king or pawn's move.
Pieces die if they are pushed off the board or off a 2-cube-tall cliff.
Nothing happens if a piece is pushed into another piece or into a 2-tall wall from the bottom.
After being pushed, the piece can't move for one turn (the opponent has to move something else on their turn).

EDGE CASES
Pushing a piece from a 2 high cliff onto another piece kills both pieces.
Pieces can commit suicide and friendly fire.

WIN CONDITIONS
The game is won by a player if:
1. The opponent resigns.
	2. The opponent has no pieces left. (redundant because of 3)
3. The opponent's king is killed.
4. One of the player's pieces (other than the knight) stays still on the opponent's goal tile for at least one turn.
